https://www.fiverr.com/photoshopmagics/do-fast-photoshop-editing-on-two-images-in-one-gig
Accessibility Tools
ColorBox by Lyft Design — a web app that algorithmically builds accessible color systems.
Contraste — app for checking the accessibility of text against the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG).
Contrast — a macOS app for designers and developers to get quick access to WCAG color contrast ratios.
Hex Naw — helps you to test entire color systems for contrast and accessibility.
PA11Y — accessibility testing tool to find issues with your web pages. It runs HTML CodeSniffer from the command line for programmatic accessibility reporting.
Sim Daltonism — a color blindness simulator for macOS and iOS that lets you visualize colors as they are perceived with various types of color blindness. It‘s free and open-source.
Animation Tools
Need to create an animated transition, micro-interaction or scroll-based animation? Go through these tools:

Adobe After Effects — a digital visual effects, motion graphics, and compositing application.
Haiku — keyframe based animation connecting your UI tools to code that developers can easily use.
Kite Compositor — a powerful animation and prototyping application for Mac & iOS.
LightBox — 2D, Hand-Drawn animation package.
Lottie — a mobile library for Android and iOS that parses Adobe After Effects animations exported as json with Bodymovin and renders them natively on mobile and on the web.
Spirit — animation tool that helps you to create and manage the animations real time in the browser.
Tumult Hype — the HTML5 animation/interactives creation app for macOS.
Principle, Framer, Invision Studio, Flinto are also among UI & UX animation apps and software animation tools.

Augmented Reality Tools
Lightform — a design tool for projected AR.
Spark AR Studio — сreate AR experiences for Instagram without code.
Collaboration Tools
RealtimeBoard — whiteboarding platform for cross-functional team collaboration.
Witeboard — simple real-time whiteboard for collaboration work.
Color Picker Tools
If you are looking for an eyedropper tool, color identifier tool or color capture tool, here you go:

Adobe Color — create color schemes with the color wheel or browse thousands of color combinations from the Color community.
Chroma — free web app which allows you to identify the color.
Coolors.co — it is the super-fast color scheme generator.
Colourcode — online designer tool, which allows you to easily and intuitively combine colours.
Khroma — AI-based tool to generate color palettes based on your preferences.
Paletton — a designer tool for creating color combinations that work together well.
Pikka — Color Picker — color picker & color schemes generator for macOS
React Color — a collection of color pickers from Sketch, Photoshop, Chrome.
Skala Color — works with a huge variety of formats, covering everything you’re likely to need for web, iOS, Android, and macOS development.
Swatches — iOS app that lets you collect, inspect and share the colors that inspire you in your daily life.
UI Gradients — handpicked collection of beautiful color gradients for designers and developers.
Design Feedback Tools
Do you get feedback during the development process? If you wish to get more structural feedback on UI issues or visual bugs take a look at this tool:

Flawless Feedback — review and annotate iOS apps then share your feedback in Jira or Trello.
Design System Tools
Tools that help to build, maintain, and organize your own design system.

Brand.ai — automatically maintainable UI components style guide.
Frontify — create graphical guidelines, patterns libraries, design systems.
Lingo — create a shared asset library with your entire team.
Lucid — tool for creating, managing and sharing a design system. From a simple component library through to detailed descriptions of your styles.
Zeroheight — styleguides created by designers, extended by developers, and editable by everyone.
We can also add to this list Sketch and Figma, which are mentioned in UI design tools.

Design to Code Tools
Blocs For Mac — a fast, easy to use and powerful visual web design tool, that lets you create responsive websites without writing code.
Bootstrap Studio — a powerful web design tool for creating responsive websites using the Bootstrap framework.
Mobirise — an offline drag and drop website builder software that is based on Bootstrap 3/4 and Google AMP.
Pinegrow — a professional visual editor for CSS Grid, Bootstrap 4 and 3, Foundation, responsive design, HTML, and CSS.
Readymag — visually-pleasing tool for designing on the web from landing pages to multimedia long-reads, presentations and portfolios.
STUDIO — design from scratch, collaborate in real time and publish websites.
Sympli — deliver the design, assets, specifications directly into your preferred IDE (e.g Xcode, Android Studio).
Tilda — create a website, landing page or online store for free with the help of Tilda modules and publish it on the same day.
Webflow — build responsive websites in your browser, then host with us or export your code to host wherever.
Experience Monitoring Tools
Amplitude — Understand your users, rapidly release better product experiences, and grow your business.
Fathom — provides simple, useful websites stats without tracking or storing personal data of your users.
FullStory — app that captures all your customer experience data in one powerful, easy-to-use platform.
Google Analytics — measure your advertising ROI as well as track your Flash, video, and social networking sites and applications.
Heap — automatically capture every web, mobile, and cloud interaction then retroactively analyze your data without writing code.
Hotjar — see how visitors are really using your website, collect user feedback and turn more visitors into customers.
Inspectlet — record videos of your visitors as they use your site, so you can see everything they do.
Mixpanel — get insights across all of your user-centric data to make smarter decisions and act faster based on how customers use your product or website.
Pendo — measure and elevate the customer experience within their applications.
Font Tools
Google Fonts — making the web more beautiful, fast, and open through great typography.
FontPair — simple tool that helps you pair Google Fonts together.
Fontface Ninja — browser extension to discover what fonts are being used on any website.
FontSpark — simple tool to help designers quickly find the best fonts for their projects.
Sans Forgetica — downloadable font that is scientifically designed to help you remember your study notes.
Webfont — create and maintain custom SVG icon fonts, made a shared library of icons.
Google Webfonts Helper — a hassle-free way to self-host Google Fonts.
Free Screenshot Software
Find some powerful screenshot tools available for macOS:

CloudApp — record videos, webcam, annotate screenshots, create GIFs and save them to the cloud.
Lighshot — screenshot app for taking quick captures of your screen.
Monosnap — create screenshots, annotate them and upload them to the cloud.
Quicktime — video player that you can use to record your screen.
Screenie — screenshotting tool that works as an image manager, so you can filter and search through images, change screenshot filetypes.
Snappy — tool that takes quick shots and organizes them for you into collections.
Teampaper Snap — modern screenshotting app that allows you to take screenshots of a selected area.
Kap — open-source screen recorder with options to export to GIF, MP4, WebM and APNG.
Greenshot — take a screenshot of a selected region, window or fullscren. Export it in different ways. Free on Windows
ScreenToGif — open source tool to record a gif of part of the screen. Also work as a nice editor. Only available for Windows.
Icons Tools
IconJar — store all your icons in one icon manager for Mac.
Nucleo — a Mac and Windows app to collect, customize and export all your icons.
Mockup Tools
Rotato — animated 3D mockups for your app designs.
ScreenSpace — 3D devices videos for motion designer.
Cleanmock — create stunning mockups using latest device frames like iPhone & custom backgrounds.
Prototyping Tools
Axure RP — wireframing, prototyping, collaboration & specifications generation.
InVision — prototyping, collaboration & workflow platform.
Flinto — a Mac app for creating interactive and animated prototypes of app designs.
Framer X — a tool for prototyping design animations.
Keynote — the built-in Mac app for creating presentations that can also be used for quick prototyping (see how Apple designers use it to verify design concepts).
Marvel App — the collaborative design platform. Wireframe, prototype, design online and create design specs in one place.
Principle — makes it easy to design animated and interactive user interfaces.
ProtoPie — piece hi-fi interactions together, build sensor-aided prototypes and share your amazing creations in a matter of minutes.
Proto.io — a tool to create fully-interactive high-fidelity prototypes that look and work exactly like your app should.
UXPin — build prototypes that feel real, with powers of code components, logic, states and design systems.
You can also do prototyping with Figma, Adobe XD, and InVision Studio, which are mentioned in the UI Design Tools section.

Stock Photos Tools
Zoommy — helps you find awesome free stock photos for your creative product or inspiration.
Unsplash — stock photos free to use
UI Design Tools
Adobe Illustrator — create logos, icons, drawings, typography, and illustrations for print, web, video, and mobile.
Adobe Photoshop — imaging and graphic design software.
Adobe XD — design, prototype, and share any user experience, from websites and mobile apps to voice interactions.
Affinity Designer — vector graphics editor for macOS, iOS, and Microsoft Windows.
CleverBrush — browser based online vector editor and digital publishing tool which is possible to integrate to page as JS component.
Gravit — A free vector design app, available for macOS, Windows, Linux, ChromeOS and browser.
Figma — a design tool based in the browser, that allows to design and prototype with real-time collaboration.
Invision Studio — combines design, prototyping, and collaboration into one harmonious workflow.
Photopea — A free browser based graphic design app, alternative to Photoshop.
Sketch — it's a design toolkit built for Mac.
Vectr — a simple web and desktop cross-platform tool to create vector graphics easily and intuitively.
User Flow Tools
If you need to make a user flow diagram, user flow map or a sitemap, take a look at these tools:

Draw.io — free online diagram software for making flowcharts, process diagrams, org charts, UML, ER and network diagrams.
Google Drawings — create diagrams and charts, for free; all within Google Docs.
Overflow — turn your designs into playable user flow diagrams that tell a story.
Sketch.systems — ui and flow design with interactive state machines.
Whimsical — easy to create flow charts, wireframes and sticky notes.
Version Control for Designers
Abstract — a platform for design teams to version, manage and collaborate on Sketch files.
Kactus — design version control without changing your tools. Manage changes, document work and keep your team in sync.
Versions — a version control tool for designers with visual diff, merge and conflict resolution.
Folio — a simple version control system for design teams; based on Git.
Plant — a Mac app and Sketch plugin offering complete version control for designers and teams.
